SC-15711 add sematext agent release notes page (#477)
sematext/docs: docs/agents/sematext-agent/releasenotes.md

title: Sematext Agent Release Notes
description: Features and improvements releases for Sematext Agent

# Version 2.0.0

## New Features

- OpenSearch auto-discovery support. Now you can easily start to collect the metrics of your OpenSearch services. Check [**OpenSearch Monitoring Integration**](https://sematext.com/integrations/opensearch/) for more information.
- StatefulSets and DaemonSets metrics collecting support.

## Bugfixes

- Swarm housekeeping functionalty.

## Breaking changes

> We added StatefulSets and DaemonSets metrics collecting support and this new feature requires some additional cluster roles. If you're using Kubernetes and you installed the agent with `kubectl`, please update the clusterroles before upgrading your agent.

Reviewer: I would add the instruction on how to add the permissions.

```suggestion
We added StatefulSets and DaemonSets metrics collection support. This new feature requires some additional cluster roles. If you're using Kubernetes and you installed the agent with `kubectl`, please update the clusterroles before upgrading your agent by running the following command:

`kubectl apply -f https://sematext-installer.s3.amazonaws.com/sematext-clusterroles.yaml`
```

Reviewer: I think I need new glasses 🤦🏽‍♂️

```
kubectl apply -f https://sematext-installer.s3.amazonaws.com/sematext-clusterroles.yaml

> ```

Author: As I know, no additional steps required for the helm, just regular upgration step. @PabloB94, is it correct?

> ```

Reviewer 2: I guess that the idea eventually it's to generate this file automatically, right?

> ```

Author: Yes, but in agent (sta) repo. This one will be public @regiluze

> ```

Reviewer: The helm chart was updated with the new cluster roles, so a normal helm upgrade should pull those.
